Name: Duong Hoang Vu | Netid : duongvh
Name: Leyuan Loh | Netid : leyuan

For this assignment, we are using Samuel R. Buss's Cylinder - https://www.math.ucsd.edu/~sbuss/MathCG/OpenGLsoft/GluCylinders/GluCylinders.html
as the skeleton code. We basically built our code on his (we only use his cylinder). We built code our window 
machine so you may have trouble running the code or receiving runtime error (I don't think it will affect the ouput). To compile our code on window, please refer to https://www.prinmath.com/csci5229/misc/install.html.

We are using OpenGl, Glu and Glut to write homework 4. The command we have is as below: 
x: Translate the arm in the world-space -x direction.
X: Translate the arm in the world-space +x direction.
y: Translate the arm in the world-space -y direction.
Y: Translate the arm in the world-space +y direction.
z: Translate the arm in the world-space -z direction.
Z: Translate the arm in the world-space +Z direction.
u: Rotate the arm at the shoulder about the upper arm's x axis in the positive direction
U: Rotate the arm at the shoulder about the upper arm's x axis in the negative direction
v: Rotate the arm at the shoulder about the upper arm's y axis in the positive direction
V: Rotate the arm at the shoulder about the upper arm's y axis in the negative direction
w: Rotate the arm at the shoulder about the upper arm's z axis in the positive direction
W: Rotate the arm at the shoulder about the upper arm's z axis in the negative direction
c: Curl the forearm at the elbow about the forearm's x axis in the positive direction
C: Curl the forearm at the elbow about the forearm's x axis in the negative direction
r: Rotate the forearm at the elbow about the forearm's z axis in the positive direction
R: Rotate the forearm at the elbow about the forearm's z axis in the negative direction
p: Pitch the hand at the wrist about the hand's x axis in the positive direction
P: Pitch the hand at the wrist about the hand's x axis in the negative direction
a: yAw the hand at the wrist about the hand's y axis in the positive direction
A: yAw the hand at the wrist about the hand's y axis in the negative direction
o: Toggle orthographic/perspective projection
esc: Close the window
1: Switch between wireframe and filled mode
2: Increase the rotation speed
3: Decrease the rotation speed

